Review descriptions that only mention buckets in AWS integration (#4857)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/amazon/services/prerequisites/credentials.rst

Create an IAM User
------------------

> Wazuh will need a user with permissions to pull log data from the different services. The easiest way to accomplish this is by creating a new IAM user in the account. This section will show how to create a sample user with permissions to only read data from a bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wazuh requires a user with permissions to pull log data from the different services. The easiest way to accomplish this is by creating a new IAM user in the AWS account. This section shows how to create a sample user with read-only permissions to pull data from a bucket
```

.. warning::
  This authentication method requires some credentials to be previously added to the configuration using any other authentication method.

> IAM Roles can also be used to interact with the different AWS services. This section will show how to create a sample IAM role with permissions to only read data from a bucket:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IAM Roles can also be used to interact with the different AWS services. This section shows how to create a sample IAM role with read-only permissions to pull data from a bucket:
```
